Oversettelse development/data og development/ux til engelsk (#594)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/development/ux/styling/_index.en.md

description: How to control the styling, formatting and grid layout of an app.
toc: true
weight: 30
---

{{%notice warning%}}

This is new functionality. Setup must be done manually for now. Support for setup through Altinn Studio will be launched shortly.

**NOTE:** to use this functionality you need app-frontend version 3. See [this link](/community/changelog/app-frontend/v3/breaking-changes/) for changes that is required in the app.

{{%/notice%}}

## Components placed side by side (grid)

> It is possible to place components side by side in a form. This functionality is based on the grid system from [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/components/grid/), and will also be known if you are familiar with the grid system for bootstrap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to place components side by side in a form. This functionality is based on the grid system from [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/components/grid/), and is similar to the grid system from bootstrap.
```

```

Then, the components would not be be placed side by side unless the user is using a screen of 960px or more. 

### innerGrid og labelGrid

> In addition to setting the width of the `grid` in the component, we also have added the oppurtunity to control `innerGrid` and `labelGrid`. 
> This gives you the oppurtunity to control the width of label and input in the same way. This is typically used when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to setting the width of the `grid` in the component, we also have added the opportunity to control `innerGrid` and `labelGrid`. 
This gives you the opportunity to control the width of label and input in the same way. This is typically used when
```

</Grid>
```

> Here, you will have the oppurtunity to control the width of both the outer grid and the inner grid. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you will have the opportunity to control the width of both the outer grid and the inner grid. Example:
```

```

Here, it has been set that the component grid shall occupy the whole width, while limiting the component's input to only occupy half the width.
Innergrid can be controlled for these components:

> - Kort svar (Input)
> - Langt svar (TextArea)
> - Filopplaster (FileUpload)
> - Nedtrekksliste (Dropdown)
> - Datovelger (Datepicker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Input
- TextArea
- FileUpload
- Dropdown
- Datepicker
```

}
```

This will look something like this:

![labelGrid example output](label-grid.png "labelGrid example output")

## Formatting numbers

> Support has now been implemented to be able to specify formatting of numbers in _inputfelt_ (input field). This is done by adding a property `formatting` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support has now been implemented to be able to specify formatting of numbers in input fields. This is done by adding a property `formatting` to
```
